warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 6 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 30 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 64 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 76 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 80 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 94 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 115 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
warning: 127 CYS is assumed to be participating in a SS-bond
